imagine our luck having you here on your
in your month January you know it's a
miracle isn't it it really is we you
just had a birthday right on Sunday
on Sunday the fifth Sunday the fifth
happy birthday to you did you do
anything special for your birthday no
not this year we just watched the Globes
and playoffs oh that you watch oh you
watch the ballgames
yeah Vikings one is that what you wanted
to do yes oh all I mean I wanted to do
usually I do a party and I was gonna do
a party uh-huh a bingo themed party oh
and then I felt like it was a lot of
work and it makes me sound really oh
yeah bingos not really for the young is
it but it should be it is fun bingo was
easy when's the last time you played
bingo like four or five days ago wait a
minute
for real what do you do go to a church
on Tuesday night party like I wanted to
do it in a church basement or something
yeah yeah and I couldn't find like a
church - how's my did you go really
because you know II mean I could have
found like a Catholic Church Yeah right
yeah Catholic Church you get you get the
wine right there in the in the yeah and
see but you did play bingo real
Christmas yeah we have one of those I
ordered one of those big balls the ball
hoppers hoppers yeah yeah use the dauber
I know we didn't have we didn't going up
oh you gotta get that yeah well maybe
I'll get you a birthday surprise and a
shipment of daubers will arrive at your
house yeah not the same though not the
same yeah have you been to one of those
real bingo with the old people getting
mad and cursing each other and all that
so I grandmother used to go all the time
I used to go with my grandmother yeah
yeah they get heated and they play like
six or seven cards at a time my
grandmother would play like 28 cards at
once I'd be playing one card just just
really trying to keep up and she'd be
like this my grandmother she's big fat
lady
you going and I'm B over here like I
wouldn't be I wouldn't see B to and
she'd be like boom I go over there to do
all of mine and hers at the same time
she was a very good she was a champion
bingo player she represented the United
States at the Olympics no no of course
not that's why it was so amazing you
what's the best gift you got what's the
best gift you ever got for your birthday
received yes well I got um I'm not huge
into autographs but I got a signed
autograph of Robert Stack from Jim
Carrey Wow yeah well he knew that I was
a big fan and a Robert Stack I guess I
had dreams as a little girl to be Robert
Stack is that so weird no I think most
little girls have that dream yeah I mean
that's you know from what what was your
role unsolved mysteries Joe versus the
volcano was my favorite movie and he's
unsolved mysteries I mean I still have
dreams one day I can be in a trench
trenchcoat and like Jerry Jones
reporting live from solving some mystery
beat he solved all these mystery know he
saw none of the mysteries yes why the
name of the show was unsolved mystery
it would they went unsolved at the end
he didn't solve anything yes he did like
murder mysteries the aliens like he knew
everything and I just wanted that not do
not want into like aliens and stuff like
that very much
really have you ever had a UFO sighting
once what happened in Iowa I saw the
other dreams I was in a field actually
but
how old like 24 okay 22 24 and I saw a
light in the sky and I went like a made
a shape mm-hmm like when oh it was
definitely spaceship well it could have
been a spaceship I guess or a shooting
star that just couldn't figure it out
yeah yeah
a drunken shooting star were you like
smoking or anything like that no totally
straight was anybody with you yes no no
I mean there was someone else in the car
and I was like what did you see that and
he said no he didn't see it did he
believe you that he that you saw it or
was he
uh-huh yeah well that's interesting so
you're a are you into like other
paranormal type of stuff I'm into
everything I think that yeah I'm solved
things even watching Shark Week this
year when they said that there was like
that Megalodon down there yeah that ate
the other great white do you feel and do
you feel like you want them to remain
unsolved you want the solution I don't
care if anyone else knows I just need to
know like I want to know what's down
there and what's up there you should be
the best way to find out is to run for
president and win because if you run for
president and you're president you can
look at any of that stuff don't think if
our president knew that he wouldn't
tweet it
I mean he would talk I don't think it's
occurred to him because he didn't knows
that his name isn't in those files if
they put his name on the file he'd be
like what's this about me
it's not it's UFO it's not me fo that's
why he doesn't read about so tell me
about this your show your this show is
on Netflix you play a figure skater and
former former figure skater yes with
kids who are figures have two daughters
who are now compete competitive figure
skaters and I'm their mom and I'm like a
skating mom which is similar to state
just very intense like I'm very
competitive for them and I want them to
live out my dreams and I didn't get to
to validate you yeah she's also very
mentally unstable she does she see UFOs
or anything like that doing this if it
makes you feel any better I feel like I
saw one too once in a similar age I was
with my friend Tony and my cousin Sal we
were pitching we were up in the Sierras
here in California we looked up and we
saw something go a little bit weird just
like I said just like you said yeah we
had been smoking though so it was a
little bit different but we mutually saw
it so yeah well I listened to a podcast
recently too and all those like Air
Force pilots they see them all the time
well yeah
yeah yeah yeah let's let's hope not well
it's very good to see you the show is on
Netflix it's called spinning out January
Jones everybody
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you